Update README.md (#53)
neptune-ai/neptune-fetcher: README.md

# Neptune Fetcher

> [!NOTE]

> > This package is **experimental** and works only with the experimental Neptune 2.x client. This cannot be used with `neptune<2.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This package is experimental and only works with Neptune Scale, which is in beta.
>
> You can't use this package with `neptune<2.0` or the currently available Neptune app version. For the corresponding Python API, see [neptune-client](https://github.com/neptune-ai/neptune-client).
```
